Logo
Home About Us Services  Opportunities Quality Guarantee Contact
Experience The Difference Learn More What can Accent Janitorial Services do for you?

Provide you with a clean, safe, and healthy 
environment for your customers and employees - Clean buildings project a first class image. - Clean buildings improve the longevity of the building. - Healthy buildings ensure a working environment free from contaminates. - Healthy buildings provide a safer workplace and decrease the number of workers 
comp claims due to slip/fall accidents and the spread of viruses. - Healthy buildings reduce the amount of sick time 
taken by employees working in the building.
Accent Janitorial Services | Experience The Difference We understand that a clean work environment means a healthy work 
environment for you and your employees. 
Before engaging our services, we provide all clients with a free, 
no-obligation Needs Analysis and consultation with our friendly staff. Start Today
Opportunities
Accent Janitorial Services, recognizes that the talent and experience of our employees are our most valuable resources. Utilizing extensive management and employee training programs, we identify and develop talented performers and grant them broad responsibilities and authority consistent with their potential and demonstrated skill levels. This enables them to grow with Accent Janitorial Services, and the clients we serve.
Our salary structure and compensation program provides incentives, which motivate, accelerate, and appropriately reward top performers for their dedication
At Accent Janitorial Services we are always looking for new vibrant individuals to join our growing team. After-hours cleaning is a great opportunity to subsidize your income or for stay at home parents who need to spend the day at home with their. No experience is required we will provide you with the necessary training and equipment.
For further information please contact us at info@accentjanitorial.com
Quality Guarantee
Accent Janitorial Services’ ability to provide unparalleled service value and to grow with our customers over time is the result of the experience and dedication of our on-site managers. Our primary operations objective is to provide ongoing training to our staff and managers to consistently strive for excellence and to support them with our resources and capabilities. Our inspectors perform monthly inspection during regular working hours, in order to have chance to talk to our clients to get their feed back. The result: our clients regard our on-site managers as vital team players in achieving their long-term goals.
About Us
 
ACCENT JANITORIAL
 Accent Janitorial Services was started by a team of enthusiastic and dedicated individuals that have a combined experience of 40 years. We bring forward this experience to our clients in the GTA and surrounding areas. In order to deliver a customized service program, we recruit, train, and manage a productive labour force. We also take on responsibility for carrying out the primary mission of our clients’ facilities; each employee plays an integral role in meeting our clients’ goals. In addition our employees understand that our company must provide the highest quality service at a competitive price in order to retain our position as one of GTA’s leading providers of facilities services. The objective of Accent Janitorial Service is to ensure our clients the highest quality service at a reasonable price point.
 

 

 

Services
Janitorial Services
Commercial

Accent Janitorial Services provides commercial cleaning to all of GTA and surrounding areas. We cover areas from Oshawa to Hamilton, from Downtown Toronto all the way to Barrie. Our experienced personnel perform light and heavy-duty basic cleaning for our clients. Together with our clients we agree on a schedule (x) times during the week depending on their requirements. Daily duties refer to removal of trash, spot cleaning stains/marks, dusting, vacuuming and mopping floors. Thoroughly sanitizing of all washrooms, as well as cleaning microwaves and eating areas. On a weekly basis we perform a detail cleaning of the site that includes wall to wall vacuuming as well as dusting areas that have a need for a more detail. We ensure that your commercial spaces will look and fell fresh after each visit.

Retail

Accent Janitorial Services provides retail cleaning to all of GTA and surrounding areas. We cover areas from Oshawa to Hamilton, from Downtown Toronto all the way to Barrie. Our experienced personnel perform light and heavy-duty basic cleaning for our clients. Together with our clients we agree on a schedule (x) times during the week depending on their requirements. We service retail clients and their needs to make an impact for their business. In retail the focus is mostly on a clean looking floor, therefore we recommend a full floor care either yearly or every six months. Also we ensure that dusting is performed regularly. Ensuring that your retail space looks its best each time is one of our specialties.

Health Care

The health care cleaning sector needs more specialized chemicals and equipment due to that fact that a lot of the traffic in these areas will be from people that have some sort illness. These include doctor’s offices as well as medical centres and facilities. Accent Janitorial Services provides health care sector cleaning to all of GTA and surrounding areas. We cover areas from Oshawa to Hamilton, from Downtown Toronto all the way to Barrie. Our experienced personnel perform medical facilities cleaning using disinfectant for their light and heavy-duty basic cleaning for our clients. Together with our clients we agree on a schedule (x) times during the week depending on their requirements. We also make sure that staff areas are serviced and sanitized to ensure that viruses do not spread from examination rooms.

Day Porters

Accent Janitorial Services provides day porters for all clients of GTA and surrounding areas. We cover areas from Oshawa to Hamilton, from Downtown Toronto all the way to Barrie. Day porters guarantee that you will have a continuous presence of a cleaning staff in your premises to ensure that any situations are dealt with on a timely basis.

We understand that a clean work environment means a healthy work environment for you and your employees. Before engaging our services, we provide all clients with a free, no-obligation Needs Analysis and consultation with our friendly staff.

Specialty Services
Commercial

Accent Janitorial Services provides commercial cleaning to all of GTA and surrounding areas. We cover areas from Oshawa to Hamilton, from Downtown Toronto all the way to Barrie. Our experienced personnel perform light and heavy-duty basic cleaning for our clients. Together with our clients we agree on a schedule (x) times during the week depending on their requirements. Daily duties refer to removal of trash, spot cleaning stains/marks, dusting, vacuuming and mopping floors. Thoroughly sanitizing of all washrooms, as well as cleaning microwaves and eating areas. On a weekly basis we perform a detail cleaning of the site that includes wall to wall vacuuming as well as dusting areas that have a need for a more detail. We ensure that your commercial spaces will look and fell fresh after each visit.

Retail

Accent Janitorial Services provides retail cleaning to all of GTA and surrounding areas. We cover areas from Oshawa to Hamilton, from Downtown Toronto all the way to Barrie. Our experienced personnel perform light and heavy-duty basic cleaning for our clients. Together with our clients we agree on a schedule (x) times during the week depending on their requirements. We service retail clients and their needs to make an impact for their business. In retail the focus is mostly on a clean looking floor, therefore we recommend a full floor care either yearly or every six months. Also we ensure that dusting is performed regularly. Ensuring that your retail space looks its best each time is one of our specialties.

Health Care

The health care cleaning sector needs more specialized chemicals and equipment due to that fact that a lot of the traffic in these areas will be from people that have some sort illness. These include doctor’s offices as well as medical centres and facilities. Accent Janitorial Services provides health care sector cleaning to all of GTA and surrounding areas. We cover areas from Oshawa to Hamilton, from Downtown Toronto all the way to Barrie. Our experienced personnel perform medical facilities cleaning using disinfectant for their light and heavy-duty basic cleaning for our clients. Together with our clients we agree on a schedule (x) times during the week depending on their requirements. We also make sure that staff areas are serviced and sanitized to ensure that viruses do not spread from examination rooms.

Day Porters

Accent Janitorial Services provides day porters for all clients of GTA and surrounding areas. We cover areas from Oshawa to Hamilton, from Downtown Toronto all the way to Barrie. Day porters guarantee that you will have a continuous presence of a cleaning staff in your premises to ensure that any situations are dealt with on a timely basis.

We understand that a clean work environment means a healthy work environment for you and your employees. Before engaging our services, we provide all clients with a free, no-obligation Needs Analysis and consultation with our friendly staff.

Contact
Let’s get connected to Experience the Difference !
Address: 944 Pharmacy Avenue M1R 2G3 , Toronto / Ontario
Phone: 1844-322-23 68
Fax: 647-781-8483
Mail: info@accentjanitorial.com

Message...
 
Your name (required)
 
Your email (required)
 
Website
  

@2015 - Accent Janitorial | All rights resevered.

